Clarification 001 (#690)
deltachat/deltachat-pages: en/serverguide.md

### Mailadm NGINX config

`mailadm.example.org/new_email` needs to be reachable for HTTP requests to

> work. So create `data/conf/nginx/server_name.active` and add `mailadm.example.org` to this file,

Reviewer: maybe say waht is a file and what is a line more directly?

```suggestion
work. So create the file `data/conf/nginx/server_name.active` and add the line `mailadm.example.org` to it,
```

tbh, on first read, i thought about a folder :)

> then create `data/conf/nginx/site.mailadm.custom` and add the following block to it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then create the file `data/conf/nginx/site.mailadm.custom` and add the following block to it:
```

`mailcow-dockerized/docker-compose.yml`:

```
      logging:
        driver: "syslog"
        options:
          syslog-address: "udp://127.0.0.1:514"

>           syslog-facility: "local3"

Reviewer: is the indentation of two additional spaces on purpose or and edit accident?

Reviewer: great, thanks for the fix!
